Nootropico
by Robb Sherwin

July 18th, 2011



What if?
- What if you could extract memories from your own life and sell them and/or trade them for money or other people's experiences? 
- What if you could sell your memories for things?
- What if you sold off your memories of the girl you loved most in life, because not being able to be with her hurt so bad?


Deck: Played by Rob O'Hara
Posh: Played by Gerrit Hamilton? 
Blur/Derrick: Played by Levi?
Samantha: Played by Melissa?
Gwendolyn: 
Cop:
Girl Hanging From The Tree: Mary Lou
Bartender:
Guy in a horse mask
A dead girl 80 years in the future. 

Features:
- An economy where various NPCs can trade items that they have for those of the player. If the value is within 15%, the NPC might go for it. 
- Different writing depending on how wired the player is, with nootropics.
- A system where you can trade memories for things as well. 
- Writing that takes in account which memories the player has, and changes things in a forward manner. (Could it change transcripts?)


Scene One
	Memory: Samantha and another girl captured by someone in a mask. 

	- Deck and a detective are near the Colorado-Wyoming border. There is a girl hanging from a tree.
	- Deck says that the cop wants him to interface with the girl.
	- Deck takes some nootropic, in order to run the interface. 
	- Reveal that Deck has a plug for his right little finger. 
	- Deck trades nothing for her last memory. (Since she is dead)
	- Reveal that there is no cop there at all, Deck just wanted the reader on his side.
	- The memory is that of her last moments, before she is killed by someone in a Max Headroom mask. 
	- There is another girl in the room with her, though...! 
	- There is a friend of Deck's who can get her identity by 

Scene Two 
	Memory: Gwendolyn struck by Max 
	- Deck needs to buy some nootropics. They aren't illegal, he just can't wait until the Internet ships them. 
	- He goes to a drive-in movie theater. Paul Joshua, Posh, Poshua, is the guy who has some. He says he
		will just give some to Deck if he gets a memory to the girl (Gwendolyn ) he wants to hook up with, up in the tower.
		Poshua mentions that the girl keeps bringing her kid up there, which really gets in the way of the shagging. 
	-  Deck proceeds alone into the tower, but the girl is missing, and the film has broken. 
	- Deck has the CB. Posh is on the line. 
	- There is blood up there. It's a mess. Something happened. And in the closet, Deck can hear crying. 
	- Posh says he'll be right there. (He finishes swearing at a customer, then serves the customer, then leaves)
	- The player can wait and not open the closet, or the player can have an exchange with Derrick  (Blur). 
	- Derrick will mention that a bad man in a mask took her after hitting her. 
	- They hear sirens.
	- Posh or Deck tells Derrick to only talk to the policeman, and that they have to run away in order to save
	their girls. Deck is surprised by Poshua saying that. 
	- The player must then run away from the cops. 

Scene Three
	- Deck is haunted by the girl in the memory. He can't stop thinking about her.
	- He can't purchase a drink, but he's incredibly thirsty. He can trade for a memory of a drink, though. 
	- He trades the bartender for the memory of a shot of whisky. And who happens to be in that memory,
	  but a man in a Max Headroom mask?
	- Deck would angrily confront the bartender, but the bartender no longer remembers it. 

	- Posh sits down to speak with Deck. 
	- Poshua reluctantly tells him about Samantha, whom  he wanted to be with, whom wanted to be with him, but they split up. 
	- Deck is told that he began selling off his memories so that the pain of them not being together wouldn't hurt him so much. But why?
	- Posh doesn't know. Deck never said why. Her name was Samantha, that's all he knows. But he can try to use his computer and website to 
	  grab the image from Deck's mind to get an ID on the girls. 

Scene Four
	- Posh's home. Posh's home is awful and this is the only part of the game where he apologies. He apologies for everything, all the 
	time in it. 
	- Posh specifically says that he will never, ever leave it. 
	- They get on the Internet and think that they identify the girl and then go to look her up on a Wiki that has information about
	everybody.
	- But she's not there, and Posh presumes it's because assholes deleted her from the Wiki for not being notable. But there
	is a guy who prints out the Wiki that Posh knows about, and he can take them there. 

Scene Five
	The Archivist
	Posh and Deck are trying to get into the guy's place. Knocking on the door actually works and they get in.
	And the guy lets them in. He's angry about everything and all he wants is for them to explain why they
	want information on some girl. 

	And Deck tells him he doesn't know why and he doesn't have a good answer because he's a pill head. And he
	traded his memories for things. 

	The Archivist tells him he approves. That things are all we have. We could lose our memories with one disease after another, but
	our things? Our things are here for as long as we want them. 

	He gets the girl's name. He gets the girl's social security number. 

~~~~

Scene Six
	Deck and Posh have found the lair of Max. 
	Deck finds that, through the monitors of this guy's house, that Melissa is clearly in a basement somewhere.
	Posh and Deck will then face the first real PUZZLE of the game. It should be something where they work together, it should be
	something where they use nootropics to get through?

	And Deck manages to go down the stairs, Posh calling after him to be careful. 

	Deck makes it to the bottom of the stairs, but he trips. He falls head over heels. Because of all the blood. Samantha is dead, and has been for
	a few hours. He can hold her. He can kiss her. He barely remembers this girl, but she is everything to him. There is nothing left to do but
	plug in...

	Deck hears Posh scream. One turn later Max enters from above. 
	Give the player one chance to kill, kick or hurt Max. Record what the player did.
	If the player doesn't, make it so Deck tried to bite Max. 
	Max shoots Deck in the chest with a gun. He kills Deck.

~~~~~

Scene Seven
	The UI has changed. It is modernized. 
	A description of what the universe must have been like when the Big Bang happened.
	A guy in a horse mask brings Deck back to life. He whispers the year.  Deck never tells the player the year.
	They tell him that they have a numbered bank account for him and a place to live. Deck can ask how much is in the account, and go
	"Freeee-owwwwwwww! Wait, inflation? CHRIST." 
	Deck can try to ask the horse guy what became of his murderer, or his love, but he horse-headed guy just works there. He has no idea.


Scene Eight
	Deck is inside the apartment the state gave him in the city of Old Haz.
	They gave him a pamphlet about the future, but he refuses to read it. In fact, he says he won't read it the first time, and if the player
	tries again, the game responds, "I'm not going to read the \Bfucking\b pamphlet." Then back to the phrase without the curse word. 
	He begins to write down everything he can remember on the white board, recapping events.
	- He traded away memories of his girlfriend or wife or lover for reasons unknown.
	- She was kidnapped by someone in a Max Headroom mask.
	- Poshua was going to help.
	- Poshua's girl was also kidnapped.
	- He remembers Samantha's social security number. He remembers the archivist. 

Scene Nine 
	Deck eventually leaves the house.
	He remembers where Posh's house was. He is therefore incredibly surprised when he does a bio-check on the door,
	and Posh ends up opening it, shouting, "....You???" 
	(The place smells strongly of mildew.)

Scene Ten
	A non-interactive piece where Posh has his picture taken as an old guy on the top of the screen. 
	(Posh doesn't mention that he tried to fight Max.)
	With everyone dead, Posh runs. He mentions that part. And he has spent so much time hoping that Max wouldn't find him. He moved to Montana for 80 years. 
	His house had a water line break 10 years ago and he moved back at that point, figuring that Max was finally dead. 
	(With everyone on ip6, he still can't open his fridge. He had it open for a while, but now one IP address for every atom in the universe is ddosing him.)
	Suddenly, the fridge opens.
	(Back to player control)
	And the fridge is empty, except for one little circuit board. 
	The letters begin to come out in blue LEDs.
	"AND THIS TIME I'LL BURN THE BODY."
	There are also a shitload of nootropics, which Deck takes and places inside his pill case. 

Scene Eleven
	They get to Max's lair. 
	It's a run down place, but there is also a bio check.
	If Deck tried to fight or kick him, let Deck put his shoes up on the thing. If the player didn't try to attack Max, and we do the bite thing,
	then the player can breathe on it, or kiss it, or lick it, or whatever.

	Or Deck can take one of the NEW nootropics. It instantly tells him what is going on. "Spit on the biometrics and get inside. Analyze the situation. Max probably
	still has a gun, he might have a flamethrower, so grab a weapon. There are no weapons outside." 

	They get inside the lair. Deck, brought back to life, is pissed. He doesn't care about anything else.
	
	There is a dead girl in there with a plug Deck can use once he has nootropiced himself up. 

	She was poisoned and left to die. Max likes having dead girls around. Max is in the memory. He doesn't reference Deck. 
	Max has a computer there. It's running a 3D operating system. It's very thin, but not state of the art. Deck can get in and he sees that messages
	can be left on Posh's fridge display. It's the only thing he can make sense of. 

	There is another display in the lair. It says "WOCKA WAKKA". 
	An arcade on Sesame Street. 



	-- If they found Samantha's body right here, it would be OK, but unsatisfying. 









Last Scene
	They resurrect Samantha. 
	She comes to. Looks up at Deck. Smiles. 
	"Who are you? I've never seen you before in my life!"
	And Deck is crushed. Until she reveals that she was just playing. 
	They embrace. She grabs him by the shirt. 
	"Where are we going?"
	"I'm tattooing my name, social security number, phone number and e-mail address on you so you never forget me again!"





	





	
	










Deck can't be with her, because they live so far away. Initially, he can't get up and leave because it would be insane to get rid of his home and job for a CHANCE at dating his girl. He'd be putting all the pressure on her, not letting her "get out" because he moved for her.

So, Deck thought that if he got rid of the things he had holding him in New Haz, he could freely move. 
But the pain of not being with the girl made him start to trade off his memories as well.

Max already bought the memories of the Max Headroom Pirating Incident guy. He started to buy up the memories of Deck and his girl. He got the girl to come to New Haz and kidnapped her. And now he wants every single memory Deck has, not knowing that Deck got rid of them all.

Deck slowly starts to recover his own memories. He starts to figure out that Max is not the real Max, but a lonely guy who stumbled upon the Best Girl Ever when Deck was dealing with his own shit.

Deck gets more and more memories of their awesome times together, and figures out what he's done.

He defeats Max. He has some help with the original MHPI guy, who wanted HIS memories back, too, now that the statute of limitations was over. 

His girl is safe, he has most if not all of his memories back, he attempts to ask her out on a date, explaining that he can move, now. Before he can even finish asking, she kisses him. 

The very last scene involved Porn bringing him what Deck called his favorite memory - Deck and his gal are sitting on a park bench waiting for the bus. She's doing a sudoku, humming the sudoku song. Deck is drinking Irn-bru, waiting for the bus he secretly believes won't arrive. 



Piracetam: controls how much recall is possible. Disadvantage: skittish
Aniracetam: makes you more charming and witty. Disadvantage: sleepy
Ouroboracetam: 




Scenes:

- The PC is so broke that he has purchased the memory of someone drinking a glass of scotch, since he cannot afford the glass himself.
- The PC thinks back to the memory of the shot he purchased. Usually disposable, they are! But this time, he remembers... the guy in the Max Headroom mask. At a certain time / place.

- The PC is laying in bed with his girl. He hasn't sold any memories yet, but he knows he has to start. She asks him to stroke the back of her head and he holds her. 


She just needed patience. So Deck traded all the memories he had to give her time and not bug her. But he started trading too many. Which made it easier to trade them in.


Max bought the memories of the original Max Headroom Pirating Incident guy.
But he also bought up Deck's memories of his girl. 
And Max needed the girl, more and more. 


***********
TIME: 9:37 PM, MST, MAY 2021. 

(Play the video of the pirating incident. This gives us two people pre-crime: Max, and the person who spanks Max.)

Deck is in a field. It is autumn. Bitterly cold. There is no snow. A woman has apparently hung herself from a tree.

A police detective named MARS has brought Deck in. The woman has a brainbox. The detective can't process the memories of others, but Deck can. He wants Deck to see what salvagable memories there are.

The one memory he was able to get involves his beloved, Samantha, and this unknown girl, shivering in a dungeon. He had no idea that Samantha is his, though. For he has traded memories of her for things.

The police detective asks Deck if he'd like to buy some paper before they part. Paper is really scarce in Old Haz, because there is a guy who has been printing copies of the Wikipedia for years, and keeping them in an Information Cube. 

He mentions none of this to the detective. What he does tell the player is that he has to extract the memory and then see the one man he knows that could help him identify her. YEHOWEH PORN.

*

He doesn't really know who she is, because he sold off the memories of her so well. She's in trouble. She needs help. She is wearing a scrunchie. 

Deck calls Yehoweh Porn, because Porn knows everybody and understands how to use facial recognition databases. Porn tells him to have a drink to take the edge off, and he'll be right over.

*

Deck can't afford actual alcohol. He buys the memory of a shot whisky from a guy. (In the memory is Max, drinking, from before, by the way.)
Porn shows up. Deck explains the weird call. Porn informs him that, actually, he had a girl a year ago, that he met on-line, and then in person. It was awesome. Nice girl, Deck showed him the Flickr photos. (Flickr went down in 2020.) But they couldn't be together for some reason, and Deck started selling off his memories. Deck never told Porn why.

*

TinMindsEye.com will try to match images of purchased images to databases of people. Porn helps Deck set this up, and they get a partial match. Her name is Samantha Black. By this point, almost everyone has a Wikipedia entry. So they search for hers. It says that she was killed a year ago in a traffic accident. There are buttons there for discussion and history. 

Porn asks Deck if he can root through his fridge. (Porn can't open his fridge, as it he connected it to the Internet and pissed some people off, who called for a distributed denial of service attack against it.) For the first time, the nootropics are mentioned. 

If Deck takes the piracetam, he will instantly be aware that he can click on "history" in Samantha's page. From there, they see that an admin has edited her page, and eliminated the history trace. Deck will mention that there is a guy in Old Haz who has been printing out hard copies of the Wikipedia, and Porn will suggest that they visit him.

*

They take the city bus to get to the Information Cube. There is a guy peddling memories. Deck can also sell some of his.






The bar closes. A detective is interviewing people. Some jerk wearing a weird mask is the suspect in a broadcast intrusion case. Anyone seen anything?

Deck is asked if he saw anything from before, and no, we established it was before Samantha called. Porn and Deck are free to go, but the cop says, wait, did Deck BUY a memory? Deck denies it. They leave.

"I think you should... really experience the entire memory," says Porn.

MEMORY: Some random dude having a drink. In the background, Max is having a drink, twirling a scrunchie. 
Deck describes it to Porn.
It's funny because Porn knows about the Max Headroom Pirating Incident, but the scrunchie? What??

*********** 

Act One
- Need to establish the Max Headroom Pirating Incident - what actually happened on November 22nd, 1987. 
- Need to establish the concept of trading memories for things. 
- Need to establish how you can inject memories of others into yourself.

Memories the protagonist has initially:
- A fake murder that was witnessed when his friends were doing an acting scene. (Later given to a cop.)

By the end of the first act, we should have the player:
- Purchase a memory that is not his own to solve a problem.
- Be motivated to catch Max.
- Sell a memory for money and/or trade it for a new memory.
- Be aware that the protagonist does not know how to contact his girl. 

o Opening Menu: Watch the original MHPI file / Load Game / Credits
o The original Max Headroom Pirating Incident is played for the player. 
o Failed Romero hires the player for the job. Max is back, and he is destroying robots.
o The protagonist has no money left. His "office" is an abandoned office in an abandoned building. 

o Honest Jon's Costume Bar is next to the office. The protagonist can simply get the memory of a drink, or being drunk. 
o One of the memories the protagonist buys is of a guy slamming back a certain brand of vodka. The guy looks up briefly into a mirror, and we see that it is, in fact, Max! ISSUE: It's a little lame for the protagonist to immediately find a clue for Max. 
o The protagonist can ask Jon about the vodka. As it turns out, Jon didn't even serve the guy, because he did not carry the precise brand of vodka the guy wanted. Max just sat there and drank by himself. He was there for two drinks, got up and left. 

o Honest Jon says that another bar patron saw him drink. Had a quick conversation with him. (People drinking in masks are unfortunately not that rare.) Jon points to the dude. 
o The dude is in fact a robot. A little more human-looking than Failed Romero, but a bot nonetheless. 
o The protagonist can reveal that he's looking for him here, because he kills robots and technology. This could be a good character bit for the new robot. But a few moves in, there is going to be a commotion. The camera pans over to Max dancing around, oh so happy! The camera pans back and the robot has been shot. Another one destroyed. 

o The protagonist blacks out.

o He awakes to a cop asking him for information at the bar. He wants to collect the memory from the incident. But the protagonist doesn't want to lose the memory! He gives the cop a fake one. 

o The cop is a good guy. He passes a memory to the protagonist. A memory of the time with the girl he can no longer remember. The cop could have it if it was crime-related, like, the two of them were witnesses. The cop doesn't need it any more, so he gives it to the protagonist.

o Who now realizes he sold off every memory of his girl. 

Act Two
- We establish that the protagonist sold off memories of being with his girl for SOMETHING.
- We establish that finding Max will help the protagonist find his girl. 




Act Three
- The protagonist confronts Max. 




 



It's a game where you think you are playing the story of a shamus in New Haz fighting the Max Headroom crazy-guy, but it is really about losing your girl.
I want memories to be traded around. You have a list of memories that you can sell, or trade, and you can take new ones on.
At the end, the player buys back two of his own memories: where his girl is going to wait for him, and the knowledge that he can sing. He finds her on a patio in New Haz and she tells him it has been far too long since she heard him sing. (I guess... I guess she would need to buy her own memory back as well? How would I stop the obvious, which is her finding him?)


Maybe it should take place south of Sunset street. Where FoD did not say there was more stuff.





















 
 
 
I had it all.
 
A gorgeous wife, two beautiful kids, a colonial home and a dog and cat that got along. Weekends spent at the Niagra Falls, a glitch with our Netflix account that caused them never to throttle us, and a job I loved in television broadcasting. I had it all. And now, I'm nothing more than another unshaven and unreliable shamus trying to scrape up enough scratch to pay the rent. 
 
THE MAX HEADROOM PIRATING INCIDENT
Interactive Fiction
Copyright 2008. Written and Programmed by Robb Sherwin for the GET LAMP documentary
Type "about" for game info and conversation conventions
Release 1.0 / Serial Number 080601
 
 
Failed Romero shambles up to my office door and punches through the glass window that says, "PRIVATE EYE." This causes my partner to bolt upright, getting his feet tangled in my Amiga. My entire computer craters to the floor and starts smoking. I give a thin smile to the robot, not knowing if it can recognize that level of facial detail, not caring.  
 
"SORRY FOR THE SUDDEN ENTRANCE OLD BEAN, BUT YOU KNOW HOW IT IS THE ONLY THING THAT GIVES ME PLEASURE." Failed Romero throws up his metallic hands as if to apologize. It hands me a small minidisc.
 
"PLAY THIS DISC, ME LITTLE LOVE TUG," it says, pointing to the crumpled mess that was my computer, and then slowly moving his finger towards my wall-mounted media player.
 
My business partner, Jonathan "Sound Advice" Boddiford strokes his beard. "Robots in the city of New Haz are deadly, unpredictable constructs," he says. "You should avoid the ones you can't trust."
 
Failed Romero hands me the minidisc.  
 
>x me
 
I'm Cowl, a private eye in the city of New Haz, Colorado. I care about the intellectual challenge of solving mysteries that involve the dreams and nightmares of others, pinball, and LITTLE else.
 
> play the disc
 
I get up from my chair, with a strained sigh and go over to the disc player. I briefly consider asking Romero what format the disc is in, but screw it: he's an artificial being created by some long-strangled Frankenstein, he can deal with the embarrassment of finding the right codec if it doesn't play.
 
The movie on the disc starts. I hear some audio, but there's no picture. Romero's a closed book -- completely without emotion -- and it would take me an hour to get my Amiga running again to find the right combination of software to get it going.
 
"You should turn up the brightness," offers Jonathan. I do and we see the thing just fine.
 
<<play original Max Headroom movie>>
 
 >ask romero about movie / max / headroom
 
"SEEMS A MITE HARMLESS, DOESN'T IT GUVNOR? BUT ALAS! ALACK! 'E'S GONE FROM BROADCAST TRANSMISSION INTERRUPTION TO DESTROYING SOME OF ME FAVORITE FRIENDS."
 
I'm silently quivering. I can't believe what I've been handed. "Are they robots, like you?" I ask through gritted teeth.
 
"OF COURSE, MATE. BUT THEN, WITHIN THIS CITY YOU WILL FIND BOTS OF EVERY SHAPE AND KIND."
 
"If I may ask, Mr. Romero," says Jonathan, "The complexity of most robotic devices, present company excluded, is quite primitive. A dishwasher with a face on it, an electric jigsaw that laughs... what are they to you?"
 
"IF I DIDN'T LOOK OUT FOR THEM, WHO WOULD?"
 
Failed Romero throws a wad of cash onto my table. It easily covers the window and two times my fee for a week.
 
>take the cash
 
It's heavy in my hands. But I would have done this job for free.
 
"YOU KNOW I'D LOVE TO STAY AND CHAT, NUDGE NUDGE, BUT I'VE GOT ME FINGERS INNA LOT OF PIES. 'E'S OUT THERE, STILL BROADCASTIN', AND DOING IT IN TOWN."
 
Failed Romero shambles off into the hallway, and presumably exits the building. I don't bother to ask him if he wants the pirate dead or alive.
 
Jonathan "Sound Advice" Boddiford stands up from his chair. "Luckily, boss, I know all about the Max Headroom Pirating Incident. It's truly one of the great mysteries of the 1980s."
 
"You don't say, Sound." I light a cigarette. "You don't say."
 
>x sound
 
He is a slight little hippie, who drinks only Chilean wine and eats only Safeway-Brand discount crackers.
 
>think about sound
headroom, incident, robot, rent
 
>ask sound about max headroom
 
"Yeah, Sound? What do you know about it?"
 
Jonathan straightens up. "Max Headroom was the eponymous character of the mid-80s TV show that took place, to quote the show, 'twenty minutes into the future.' Starring Matt Frewer and Amanda Pays, it lasted two seasons on ABC. Max himself was depicted as a character inside the World of Computers."
 
>ask sound about incident
 
"Some background on that, yes! On November 22nd, 1987, WGN-TV's broadcast of the News at Nine was interrupted by a video of a person wearing a Max Headroom mask. Audio was not present. No known recordings of this incident survive to this day. What we just saw was the later broadcast intrusion that took place at a quarter after eleven that night."
 
Sound continues. "Audio was transmitted in the second transmission, and the hijack was complete within two minutes. The feed then went back to more Doctor Who."
 
"And they never caught the guys," I say.
 
"Correct."
 
 >x computer
 
My Amiga 1000 computer has served me well. It probably would have continued to serve me well had Boddiford not had his freaking feet up on the desk. Oh, and a sentient, murderous android not smashed in our window. Either / or. Oh well, I'm sure I can fix it later. (The Amiga, not the window.)
 
>north / out
 
Hallway
 
Sound and I leave the office. I mull over where to go next.
 
"Well," I begin, "if he's taking over satellites, I suppose we should contact someone who knows something about that kind of electronics to see where they would have picked up their equipment."
 
"You'll need this," says Sound, as he hands me an electric taser. "To keep us both safe! I'd use it myself, but I am legally blind without these glasses, and they are always falling off. Also, the guy who owns the warehouse down the street made his fortunte as an electrical engineer. He might be able to help!"
 
>out / west
 
Main Street
 
Terrific, it started snowing. I would gladly trade this hat for a set of earmuffs. Maybe an earmuff hat, like how the Soviets used to wear. That'd be an improvement.
 
>exits
 
Main Street continues to the north.
 
>north (until approaching the warehouse)
 
Warehouse Entrance
 
Just our luck! The door has a set of inch-thick chains around a computerized LED lock.
 
>shoot the lock with the taser
 
The lock seizes up and pathetically falls to the floor. The chains follow.
 
>open the door
 
Opened.
 
>enter the warehouse / in
 
Warehouse
 
-- here, we see a robot in a chair. hooked up to an oscilloscope. Monitors everywhere.
-- it pleads for its life
-- we see the first new headroom video
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 =-=-=-
- First person present
 
- Start out as an ex-cop going after a perp
- Chase him into an abandoned building
- Start to fight. Find out the perp is a robot
- The window to the place breaks open. Moonlight streams in.
- The PC is a werewolf!
- The PC makes quick work out of the robot.
 
 
- Now we are back at his place of business.
- Failed Romero shows up.
- Shows the first video for the MHPI.
- Says that this is the guy who turned three other bots "rogue"
- The other bots went on a rampage of rape and murder
 
- We go to see one of the victims
- She was sort of shaken up about the violation, but at the same time, at least it was just a machine
- The robot damaged her roof getting in, and there is a bucket of water there
- But the robot has come back for more!
 - The robot's chest has a TV, and it broadcasts the next MH transmission (the first new one)
- Sound Advice can throw a lamp shade into the water after the robot has been soaked with water
 
 - The next guy is at the hospital
- They thought he was dead, but he made a miraculous recovery
- However, they planted nanobots in the guy
- Max appears through the monitors of the hospital
- get the moonlight into the room to turn into the wolf again
 
 
- There is one more crime scene
- Where the engineer who was to give the PC a cure was murdered
- Since this new monster can shoot silver bullets, we must stop the moonlight from getting through
-
 
 
 
 
 
- Chase around the Max Headroom pirate
- See three or four new broadcasts
 
- An old electronics master can tell the player how the broadcast transmissions were done
 - This leads to a warehouse that was broken into. A robot is in a glass container, and there is a timer that will disintegrate him. Max's first new video appears on all the screens.
 
 
 
- "Max" is  
 
 
