Enceladus Walkthrough

Enceladus was created by Robb Sherwin for the 2019
Interactive Fiction Competition. To play more of
my games, please go to https://www.joltcountry.com/games

For more info about the 2019 Interactive Fiction
Competition, head to https://ifcomp.org

Scene One: There's a Werewolf On the HMCS Plagoo!

  The Captain has to get dressed, but she's in too much of a
  sleep fog to do so. Can you think of a way to help out?
  What is in the room that might aid such a thing?

    >hit the dresser
    >get the jumpsuit
    >give jumpsuit to Captain

  There are other people on the ship! Are they attempting to break
  into the Captain's Quarters or are they your colleagues?

    (You can check some of the scenery out and listen in, but
    eventually the plan will be to open the door)

    >open door

    (And now the three of you will head west. Yes, it's a ship so it
    would normally have ship-like directions, but geez, it's the comp.
    The Plagoo has a red magnetic pole sticking out of it if that helps.
    [It helps the author.])


Scene Two: Creepy Hallways!

  The Captain will formulate a plan as you all walk west to explore
  the ship and try to catch the werewolf. The two commands to be
  aware of are:

    >lower my specs
    (This will lower Ja'Rod's - your - X-ray specs. They go back up after
    they are used because this is dangerous future technology. When you
    want to perform a scan or are asked to perform a scan, just try:)

    >scan
    (If the specs are lowered, you'll be good. I bought real X-ray specs
    from the back of a comic in preparation for this game and I'd like
    to distinguish the ones in the game from the real ones in so
    much as the ones in the game don't actively encourage real world
    workplace sexual harassment. I'll explain this bit on Twitter after
    the comp starts.)

  Hopefully from here the way is clear, but we're going west a lot.


Scene Three: The Airlock!

  The Captain should have explained the plan. You should have a star pistol
  and you'll automatically be hiding. She's gonna snap her fingers and then
  hope you...

  >shoot hull

  That will clear out the room a little.


Scene Four: Trashing Former Co-Workers With Current Co-Workers

  The reason for this scene is to make some space jokes, don't get
  too hung up on anything here. ROBB has to get his LITTLE JOKES in.
  Eventually you - Ja'Rod - get asked to help out the two crewmembers
  left behind. I think it's

  >north

  To leave the Bridge. Keep going that direction a bunch and you'll get
  to the alternate entrance for the airlock.


Scene Five: Aftermath of the Airlock

  Okay, hopefully it makes sense conceptually what is going on. The Plagoo
  has landed on Enceladus. Mr Mailx is plugging the hole of the airlock
  and Alexandra has been wounded, but since there is not a doctor on the
  ship it's unclear where. Enceladus is an ice moon, so it's going to
  get really cold with a hole in the hull. You can talk to both of them
  but here's the walkthrough bit:

  >pull mailx
  >press green button
  >press red button
  >press green button

  With that in mind, everyone should be safe for a bit. Let's go back
  to the Bridge

  >south
  >south
  >south

Scene Six: Enceladus Surface

  We need a doctor and some metal for the ship. Let's find a doctor first.
  >east
  >east
  >east

Scene Seven: Hot Sauce Bar

  >sit on stool

  There's a couple things you can do here. You can get the bottle of hot sauce
  and drink that.
  >talk to bartender
  >drink hot sauce

  OR ... or you can open the fruit tray (my wife told me it is called
  a fruit caddy, and I am intending to add that as a synonym, but if caddy
  doesn't work, let's go with fruit tray) and open that up and take the knife
  and
  >cut myself with knife

  The Captain will talk to the bartender to get the key to the mine while you
  are being treated.

Scene Eight: The Mine

Scene Nine: Outside the Plagoo

Scene Ten: All Good Things

  You can talk to everyone, and then
  >drink gintata

I hope you had some fun, let me know what you think if you made it this
far with the game!

Robb Sherwin
September 28th, 2019
